
“Because Snitches have ﬂesh memories,” she said.
“What?” said Harry and Ron together; both considered Her-
mione’s Quidditch knowledge negligible.
“Correct,” said Scrimgeour. “A Snitch is not touched by bare
skin before it is released, not even by the maker, who wears gloves.
It carries an enchantment by which it can identify the ﬁrst hu-
man to lay hands upon it, in the case of disputed capture. This
Snitch”—he held up the tiny golden ball—“will remember your
touch, Potter. It occurs to me that Dumbledore, who had prodi-
gious magical skill, whatever his other faults, might have enchanted
this Snitch so that it will open only for you.”
Harry’s heart was beating rather fast. He was sure that Scrim-
geour was right. How could he avoid taking the Snitch with his
bare hand in front of the Minister?
“You don’t say anything,” said Scrimgeour. “Perhaps you al-
ready know what the Snitch contains?”
“No,” said Harry, still wondering how he could appear to touch
the Snitch without really doing so. If only he knew Legilimency, re-
ally knew it, and could read Hermione’s mind; he could practically
hear her brain whirring beside him.
“Take it,” said Scrimgeour quietly.
Harry met the minister’s yellow eyes and knew he had no option
but to obey. He held out his hand, and Scrimgeour leaned forward
again and placed the Snitch, slowly and deliberately, into Harry’s
palm. Nothing happened. As Harry’s ﬁngers closed around the
Snitch, its tired wings ﬂuttered and were still. Scrimgeour, Ron,
and Hermione continued to gaze avidly at the now partially con-
cealed ball, as if still hoping it might transform in some way.
“That was dramatic,” said Harry coolly. Both Ron and Her-
mione laughed.
“That’s all, then, is it?” asked Hermione, making to prise her-
self oﬀ the sofa.
“Not quite,” said Scrimgeour, who looked bad tempered now,
“Dumbledore left you a second bequest, Potter.”
“What is it?” asked Harry, excitement rekindling.
Scrimgeour did not bother to read from the will this time.
“The sword of Godric Gryﬃndor,” he said.
Hermione and Ron both stiﬀened. Harry looked around for a
sign of the ruby-encrusted hilt, but Scrimgeour did not pull the
sword from the leather pouch, which in any case looked much too
small to contain it.
“So where is it?” Harry asked suspiciously.
“Unfortunately,” said Scrimgeour, “that sword was not Dum-
bledore’s to give away. The sword of Godric Gryﬃndor is an im-
portant historical artifact, and as such, belongs—”
“It belongs to Harry!” said Hermione hotly. “It chose him, he
was the one who found it, it came to him out of the Sorting Hat—”
“According to reliable historical sources, the sword may present
itself to any worthy Gryﬃndor,” said Scrimgeour. “That does not
make it the exclusive property of Mr. Potter, whatever Dumble-
dore may have decided.” Scrimgeour scratched his badly shaven
cheek, scrutinizing Harry. “Why do you think—?”
“—Dumbledore wanted to give me the sword?” said Harry,
struggling to keep his temper. “Maybe he thought it would look
nice on my wall.”
“This is not a joke, Potter!” growled Scrimgeour. “Was
it because Dumbledore believed that only the sword of Godric
Gryﬃndor could defeat the Heir of Slytherin? Did he wish to give
you that sword, Potter, because he believed, as do many, that you
are the one destined to destroy He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named?”
“Interesting theory,” said Harry. “Has anyone ever tried stick-
ing a sword in Voldemort? Maybe the Ministry should put some
people onto that, instead of wasting their time stripping down De-
luminators or covering up breakouts from Azkaban. So this is what
you’ve been doing, Minister, shut up in your oﬃce, trying to break
open a Snitch? People are dying—I was nearly one of them—
Voldemort chased me across three countries, he killed Mad-Eye
Moody, but there’s been no word about any of that from the Min-
istry, has there? And you still expect us to cooperate with you!”
“You go too far!” shouted Scrimgeour, standing up; Harry
jumped to his feet too. Scrimgeour limped toward Harry and
jabbed him hard in the chest with the point of his wand: It singed
a hole in Harry’s T-shirt like a lit cigarette.
“Oi!” said Ron, jumping up and raising his own wand, but
Harry said,
“No! D’you want to give him an excuse to arrest us?”
“Remembered you’re not at school, have you?” said Scrim-
geour, breathing hard into Harry’s face. “Remembered that I am
not Dumbledore, who forgave your insolence and insubordination?
You may wear that scar like a crown, Potter, but it is not up to a
seventeen-year-old boy to tell me how to do my job! It’s time you
learned some respect!”
“It’s time you earned it.” said Harry.
The ﬂoor trembled; there was a sound of running footsteps,
then the door to the sitting room burst open and Mr. and Mrs.
Weasley ran in.
“We—we thought we heard—” began Mr. Weasley, looking
thoroughly alarmed at the sight of Harry and the Minister virtually
nose to nose.
“—raised voices,” panted Mrs. Weasley.
Scrimgeour took a couple of steps back from Harry, glancing at
the hole he had made in Harry’s T-shirt. He seemed to regret his
loss of temper.
“It—it was nothing,” he growled. “I . . . regret your attitude,”
he said, looking Harry full in the face once more. “You seem to
think that the Ministry does not desire what you—what Dumble-
dore—desired. We ought to be working together.”
“I don’t like your methods, Minister,” said Harry. “Remem-
ber?”
For the second time, he raised his right ﬁst and displayed to
Scrimgeour the scars that still showed white on the back of it,
spelling I must not tell lies. Scrimgeour’s expression hardened.
He turned away without another word and limped from the room.
Mrs. Weasley hurried after him; Harry heard her stop at the back
door. After a minute or so she called, “He’s gone!”
“What did he want?” Mr. Weasley asked, looking around at
Harry, Ron, and Hermione as Mrs. Weasley came hurrying back
to them.
“To give us what Dumbledore left us,” said Harry. “They’ve
only just released the contents of his will.”
Outside in the garden, over the dinner tables, the three objects
Scrimgeour had given them were passed from hand to hand. Ev-
eryone exclaimed over the Deluminator and The Tales of Beedle
the Bard and lamented the fact that Scrimgeour had refused to
pass on the sword, but none of them could oﬀer any suggestion as
to why Dumbledore would have left Harry an old Snitch. As Mr.
Weasley examined the Deluminator for the third or fourth time,
Mrs. Weasley said tentatively, “Harry, dear, everyone’s awfully
hungry, we didn’t like to start without you. . . . Shall I serve dinner
now?”
They all ate rather hurriedly and then, after a hasty chorus of
“Happy Birthday” and much gulping of cake, the party broke up.
Hagrid, who was invited to the wedding the following day, but was
far too bulky to sleep in the overstretched Burrow, left to set up a
tent for himself in a neighboring ﬁeld.
“Meet us upstairs,” Harry whispered to Hermione, while they
helped Mrs. Weasley restore the garden to its normal state. “After
everyone’s gone to bed.”
Up in the attic room, Ron examined his Deluminator, and Harry
ﬁlled Hagrid’s mokeskin purse, not with gold, but with those items
he most prized, apparently worthless though some of them were:
the Marauder’s Map, the shard of Sirius’s enchanted mirror, and
R.A.B.’s locket. He pulled the strings tight and slipped the purse
around his neck, then sat holding the old Snitch and watching its
wings ﬂutter feebly. At last, Hermione tapped on the door and
tiptoed inside.
“Muﬄiato,” she whispered, waving her hand in the direction of
the stairs.
“Thought you didn’t approve of that spell?” said Ron.
“Times change,” said Hermione. “Now, show us that Delumi-
nator.”
Ron obliged at once. Holding it up in front of him, he clicked
it. The solitary lamp they had lit went out at once.
“The thing is,” whispered Hermione through the dark, “we
could have achieved that with Peruvian Instant Darkness Powder.”
There was a small click, and the ball of light from the lamp ﬂew
back to the ceiling and illuminated them all once more.
“Still, it’s cool,” said Ron, a little defensively. “And from what
they said, Dumbledore invented it himself!”
“I know, but surely he wouldn’t have singled you out in his will
just to help us turn out the lights!”
“D’you think he knew the Ministry would conﬁscate his will
and examine everything he’d left us?” asked Harry.
“Deﬁnitely,” said Hermione. “He couldn’t tell us in the will why
he was leaving us these things, but that still doesn’t explain . . . ”
“ . . . why he couldn’t have given us a hint when he was alive?”
asked Ron.
“Well, exactly,” said Hermione, now ﬂicking through the The
Tales of Beedle the Bard. “If these things are important enough
to pass on right under the nose of the Ministry, you’d think he’d
have let us know why . . . unless he thought it was obvious?”
“Thought wrong, then, didn’t he?” said Ron. “I always said he
was mental. Brilliant and everything, but cracked. Leaving Harry
an old Snitch—what the hell was that about?”
“I’ve no idea,” said Hermione. “When Scrimgeour made you
take it, Harry, I was so sure that something was going to happen!”
“Yeah, well,” said Harry, his pulse quickening as he raised the
Snitch in his ﬁngers. “I wasn’t going to try too hard in front of
Scrimgeour, was I?”
“What do you mean?” asked Hermione.
“The Snitch I caught in my ﬁrst ever Quidditch match?” said
Harry. “Don’t you remember?”
Hermione looked simply bemused. Ron, however, gasped,
pointing frantically from Harry to the Snitch and back again until
he found his voice.
“That was the one you nearly swallowed!”
“Exactly,” said Harry, and with his heart beating fast, he
pressed his mouth to the Snitch.
It did not open. Frustration and bitter disappointment welled
up inside him: He lowered the golden sphere, but then Hermione
cried out.
“Writing! There’s writing on it, quick, look!”
He nearly dropped the Snitch in surprise and excitement. Her-
mione was quite right. Engraved upon the smooth golden sur-
face, where seconds before there had been nothing, were ﬁve words
written in the thin, slanting handwriting that Harry recognized as
Dumbledore’s:
I open at the close.
He had barely read them when the words vanished again.
“‘I open at the close . . . ’ What’s that supposed to mean?”
Hermione and Ron shook their heads, looking back.
“I open at the close . . . at the close . . . I open at the close . . . ”
But no matter how often they repeated the words, with many
diﬀerent inﬂections, they were unable to wring any more meaning
from them.
“And the sword,” said Ron ﬁnally, when they had at last aban-
doned their attempts to divine meaning in the Snitch’s inscription.
“Why did he want Harry to have the sword?”
“And why couldn’t he just have told me?” Harry said quietly.
“I was there it was right there on the wall of his oﬃce during all
our talks last year! If he wanted me to have it, why didn’t he just
give it to me then?

He felt as though he were sitting in an examination with a
question he ought to have been able to answer in front of him, his
brain slow and unresponsive. Was there something he had missed
in the long talks with Dumbledore last year? Ought he to know
what it all meant? Had Dumbledore expected him to understand?
“And as for this book” said Hermione, “The Tales of Beedle the
Bard . . . I’ve never even heard of them.”
“You’ve never heard of The Tales of Beedle the Bard? ” said
Ron incredulously. “You’re kidding, right?”
“No, I’m not.” said Hermione in surprise. “Do you know them,
then?”
“Well, of course I do!”
Harry looked up, diverted. The circumstance of Ron having
read a book that Hermione had not was unprecedented. Ron, how-
ever, looked bemused by their surprise.
“Oh come on! All the old kids’ stories are supposed to be Bee-
dle’s, aren’t they? ‘The Fountain of Fair Fortune’ . . . ‘The Wiz-
ard and the Hopping Pot’ . . . ‘Babbitty Rabbitty and her Cackling
Stump’ . . . ”
“Excuse me?” said Hermione, giggling. “What was that last
one?”
“Come oﬀ it!” said Ron, looking in disbelief from Harry to
Hermione. “You must’ve heard of Bubbitty Rabbitty—”
“Ron, you know full well Harry and I were brought up by Mug-
gles!” said Hermione. “We didn’t hear stories like that when
we were little, we heard ‘Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs’ and
‘Cinderella’—”
“What’s that, an illness?” asked Ron.
“So these are children’s stories?” asked Hermione, bending
again over the runes.
“Yeah,” said Ron uncertainly, “I mean, that’s just what you
hear, you know, that all these old stories came from Beedle. I
dunno what they’re like in the original versions.
“But I wonder why Dumbledore thought I should read them?”
Something creaked downstairs.
“Probably just Charlie, now Mum’s asleep, sneaking oﬀ to re-
grow his hair,” said Ron nervously.
“All the same, we should get to bed,” whispered Hermione. “It
wouldn’t do to oversleep tomorrow.’
“No,” agreed Ron. “A brutal triple murder by the bridegroom’s
mother might put a bit of a damper of the wedding. I’ll get the
lights.”
And he clicked the Deluminator once more as Hermione left the
room.